#summary Document how LanguageCommons Uploader was deployed on the current OLAC server.

= Introduction =

This wiki page documents how the Language Commons Uploader was deployed on the current OLAC web server as of August 2013. Language Commons Uploader was originally written by Alistair Roche and some minor fixes were made by Haejoong Lee.


= Prerequisites =

  * Install Django 1.2.5.
  * Install Django uni_form.
  * Install Django south.

(Apache, MySQL and mod_wsgi were already available on the OLAC server.)


= Install LanguageCommons Uploader at non-root URL =

Download LanguageCommons Uploader from the olac github repository.

{{{
cd /olac
git clone git@github.com:olac/language-commons.git
}}}

At the top level of the directory, you should see files like README.markdown, settings.py and urls.py.

{{{
tar xf language-commons-uploader.tgz
mv language-commons django_deploy
rm language-commons-uploader.tgz
}}}

Make settings.py file by copying the sample file. Open the file and edit SECRET_KEY. Update database and timezone settings as necessary.

{{{
cp settings.py.sample settings.py
# then, make necessary changes
}}}

Update uploader/secret.py file to set the values for the two variables.

For each (broken) links in the media/admin directory, find the actual
file under /usr/lib/python2.5/site-packages/django/contrib/admin/media.
Replace the links with the actual files.

Create an uploads directory, where uploaded items are saved.

{{{
cd /olac/languagecommons/django/media
mkdir uploads
chgrp www-data uploads
chmod g+w uploads
}}}

Edit templates/sr.xml file and update the baseURL.


= Configure Apache =

Set up a virtual host and add the following lines to the config file.

{{{
Alias /media/ /olac/languagecommons/django/media/
Alias /admin_media/ /olac/languagecommons/django/media/admin/
WSGIScriptAlias / /olac/languagecommons/django/apache/django.wsgi
}}}

A sample configuration file is included in the source: `apache/language-commons`.

= Cron job =
Add a cron job checks newly accepted items and uploads them to archive.org. For example,

{{{
*/15 * * * * (cd /olac/language-commons; ./manage.py upload_items)
}}}